.\" This manual is current for version <0.1> of fxor.
.TH FXOR "1" "10-2014" "fxor 0.1.1" ""

.SH NAME
fxor \- a tool to encrypt/decrypt a file using XOR cipher to do one-time pad

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBfxor\fR \fIIN_FILE\fR \fIKEY_FILE\fR
.br
\fBfxor\fR \fIIN_FILE\fR \fIKEY_FILE\fR \fIOUT_FILE\fR [\fIOPTION\fR]

Display usage information:
.br
	\fBfxor\fR \fB\-\-help\fR

Display version and copyright information:
.br
	\fBfxor\fR \fB\-\-version\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
fxor is a tool that you can use to encrypt/decrypt \fIIN_FILE\fR content
.br
with \fIKEY_FILE\fR content using XOR cipher, and output to:
.br
	o  The file \fIOUT_FILE\fR
.br
	o  STDOUT if \fIOUT_FILE\fR not defined.

fxor can be used as OTP (One\-Time Pad) tool.

.IP "\fIIN_FILE\fR"
Input file name, Witch will processed.

.IP "\fIKEY_FILE\fR"
Key file name, Usually random bytes file.

.IP "\fIOUT_FILE\fR"
Output file name.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-overwrite\fR, \fB\-r\fR"
Overwrite (destroy contents) \fIOUT_FILE\fR then output
.br
.IP "\fB\-\-output\-to\-beginning\fR, \fB\-s\fR"
Start output from \fIOUT_FILE\fR beginning and replace bytes, 
.br
Perfect to encrypt/decrypt \fIIN_FILE\fR and output to \fIIN_FILE\fR!.
.br
.IP "\fB\-\-ask\fR, \fB\-i\fR"
Ask before change \fIOUT_FILE\fR contents

.SH EXAMPLES
Output to \fIOUT_FILE\fR (overwrite if exist):
.br
	\fBfxor\fR \fIIN_FILE\fR \fIKEY_FILE\fR \fIOUT_FILE\fR \fB\-r\fR

Output to \fIOUT_FILE\fR and replace byte by byte from beginning:
.br
	\fBfxor\fR \fIIN_FILE\fR \fIKEY_FILE\fR \fIOUT_FILE\fR \fB\-s\fR

Ask before change \fIOUT_FILE\fR contents:
.br
	\fBfxor\fR \fIIN_FILE\fR \fIKEY_FILE\fR \fIOUT_FILE\fR \fB\-i\fR
.br
	\fBfxor\fR \fIIN_FILE\fR \fIKEY_FILE\fR \fIOUT_FILE\fR \fB\-i\fR \fB\-r\fR
.br
	\fBfxor\fR \fIIN_FILE\fR \fIKEY_FILE\fR \fIOUT_FILE\fR \fB\-i\fR \fB\-s\fR

Output to STDOUT:
.br
	\fBfxor\fR \fIIN_FILE\fR \fIKEY_FILE\fR

.SH EXIT STATUS
.IP "\fB0\fR"
EX_OK \- successful termination
.br
.IP "\fB64\fR"
EX_USAGE \- invalid command line usage
.br
.IP "\fB66\fR"
EX_NOINPUT \- cannot open input (e.g., files permissions)
.br
.IP "\fB74\fR"
EX_IOERR \- error while doing I/O (e.g., no free space left)
.br
.IP "\fB80\fR"
FXOR_EX_ABORT \- fxor abort
.br
.IP "\fB81\fR"
EX_NOKEY \- key file is empty

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Abderraouf Adjal.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report fxor bugs to: <abderraouf.adjal@gmail.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2014 Abderraouf Adjal. All rights reserved.

License: BSD 2-Clause License ('Simplified BSD License' or 'FreeBSD License'). There is NO WARRANTY.

See the file 'COPYING' for details.
